Are you ready to put those YouTube results into your web page.
So it looks kind of messy here.
And this is Jaison being returned with an AJ saw format.
So when we put it into our application where we have that parse Jaison what will turn it into a usable
object in javascript.
We have or you are Ehle that we want to make use of I can get rid of the key here at this point.
So now we can create our you are l that we want to use in order to send our
API requests.
So I'm going to call it you are l one and I'll bring all of this in.
It was very long.
You usually are.
So when they have these keys.
So there you go.
So we've got our you are l.
And now let's use our reusable Ajax function send the parameters and we can do that function response
as well or this time.
Spice it up will do data as our returning value and then we'll just console log data for now.
And as we sift through there we can we can look through it and then we can see how we want to output
it on our Web page and what we want to output.
So we see that we get all of that information and it's all contained within items so we can do something
where we've got data and items because that's what we ultimately want to look at.
Let's try that again.
So we get an array and because we're requesting 10 we're getting 10 back.
We don't actually need 10.
Well of course you could customize the application but for this time we're going to be using the for
loop through these and pull back the data and we already saw how we can loop through an array.
So a number of different ways to do that in javascript.
What we used over here.
So for variable x and data let's console log out what we've got here what we've essentially got to work
with so copy that's and X because we know that X is the index we saw that last time we clean this up
let's try this out.
So refresh.
So now iterates through all four and we can better see what we want to return back and that's the good
thing and nice thing about a lot of these API is the data is returned back in that same format so you
don't have to worry about it that if you grab it from one the format might be different for the next
one.
So we saw that in the Wikipedia because we weren't really iterating through the same values we're iterating
through different sets of values that were being returned.
So that's why we had to do that there.
But over here we can get away with it that we can pull back the snippet information and it's got thumbnails.
It's got the description and the title so perfect this is exactly what we want to make use of within
our response data.
And as we're looping through it let's first set up some variables so do title and then afterwards we'll
figure out how we want to output that.
So title is variable's title and going down into the object.
Do you know how to find title How to get the title out of this.
So open up snippet so we know when to connect to snippet is next.
And once we open the snippet object then we've got the title there as.
So we've got the channel title and then we've got the video title there.
So this is just title.
And also let's get the video description.
So we've got the description.
So that's also contained within snippet.
So we grab in the title the description and then lastly let's do thumbnail on just the thumb and this
one is also within snippet but it's within another object within snippets so it's within snippet and
then we have to go down one more level which is the thumbnails and we've got one more level to go down
so it's the URL.
So we've already got a value for output over here where we've already set that up so we can concatenate
to it if we're setting up a brand new variable.
I don't concatenate to it just set that up as equals.
So define it first and then you can add to it.
So it always has to have a starting point there.
So let's say in this case and we'll format it after.
Just make sure that it's working first.
So title and next description and I'll add another line break.
So a lot of the stuff we're going to be updating and changing this is just to make sure that we're actually
pulling back some type of data and some type of content and then we'll make use of it within our application.
So there we go.
So let's try this out and search for javascript's So what happens.
So we see that we get this YouTube information so we get the get some information about each video and
we get a title so maybe we don't need the description.
I'll keep it in there for now.
But we're not going to actually make use of it within what we're going to build out next.
So next it's just a matter of presenting that content in a usable format for the user.
So let's build out an element here with four different columns and then each column will put the image
and we'll put the title underneath and then we'll have a clickable link.
So make the image clickable to go out to view the video.
So all of that is coming up and they've got the payoff there for the video so it's a little bit of a
hint.
So try this out for yourself and build this so.
So do something with the YouTube data that's coming in.
And next is just styling the output.
So it's coming up.